<h1 align="center">02.04.2018</h1>

## Hot vs Cold observables

User interface events like button clicks, mouse movement, etc. are hot. 
They will always push even if we're not specifically reacting to them with a subscription. 
The window resize event is a hot observable: the resize$ observable fires whether or not subscription exists.

A cold observable begins pushing only when we subscribe to it. If we subscribe again, it will start over.

<h1 align="center">05.04.2018</h1>

## Lodash `keyBy`

Creates an object composed of keys generated by running each element through iteratee.

```js
const array = [
  { 'dir': 'left', 'code': 97 },
  { 'dir': 'right', 'code': 100 },
];
 
_.keyBy(array, function(o) {
  return String.fromCharCode(o.code);
});

/* 
=> { 
  'a': { 'dir': 'left', 'code': 97 },
  'd': { 'dir': 'right', 'code': 100 },
}
*/
```

<h1 align="center">08.04.2018</h1>

## React 16 SSR

### `renderToString(element)`

Render a React element to its initial HTML. React will return an HTML string. 

### `renderToStaticMarkup(element)`

Similar to `renderToString`, except this doesn’t create extra DOM attributes that React uses internally. This is useful if you want to use React as a simple static page generator, as stripping away the extra attributes can save some bytes.

### `renderToNodeStream(element)`

Render a React element to its initial HTML. Returns a Readable stream that outputs an HTML string. The HTML output by this stream is exactly equal to what `renderToString` would return.

### `renderToStaticNodeStream(element)`

Similar to `renderToNodeStream`, except this doesn’t create extra DOM attributes that React uses internally. This is useful if you want to use React as a simple static page generator.

### `hydrate(element, container[, callback])`

Same as render(), but is used to hydrate a container whose HTML contents were rendered by ReactDOMServer. React will attempt to attach event listeners to the existing markup.

### React Component Caching

React Component Caching is a component-level caching library for faster server-side rendering with React 16.

- Use any of React's four server-side rendering methods. Rendering is asynchronous.
- Cache components using a simple or template strategy.
-Choose from three cache implementations (LRU, Redis, or Memcached).

:arrow_right: https://github.com/rookLab/react-component-caching
